Adding config variable for cloudsql (#324)
pganalyze/pganalyze-docs: collector/settings.mdx

      <td>n/a, required for IAM Authentication</td>
      <td>GCP region of the Cloud SQL instance</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td>gcp_use_public_ip (<code>GCP_USE_PUBLIC_IP</code>)</td>
      <td>false</td>

>       <td>Set to 'true' if the CloudSQL proxy connextion should use the available public IP rather than the default private IP. Setting
>         to true when no public IP is assigned will result in a connection error.</td>

Reviewer: Two minor things: typo on `connection` and I think we usually wrap config setting values referenced in the description in `code` tags:
```suggestion
      <td>Set to <code>true</code> if the CloudSQL proxy connection should use the available public IP rather than the default private IP. Setting
        to <code>true</code> when no public IP is assigned will result in a connection error.</td>
```
Looks good otherwise; thanks for updating!
